1:47 PM 3/1/2022
Convuolution operation
we average the value.
the convolution is noted as
s(t) = x * w(t)
x is the input and w is the kernel
similar to a filter. remove noise and see some feature pattern

Weights are parameters of each neuron, 
when averagin, we are averagin either within a batch

both convolution contribute to filter of particular new picture. Have different weights for horizontal and vertical weights
Wi(lambda,p, q)
Relation beteween two filters and its positions
Average over teh kernel
Implementation of the filter
Local kernel avereage over a certaion location in the picture.
ex, like those average value in a blocked section of a pitcture
Not all have same weifhts. Good convolution filter are normalize. In practice, not usual
These are starting weights. Will changed when being trained
//
Technicalitiy
a 2d tensors computation is Hadamard product
//
How to elminate the values of the whole thing.
Usually working with local values. need offset of center of the kernel
Its important because we are suming around the offest. Offset are small enough to ignoreg
//
Stride formally. We won't be taking all of the values. Sub sample the data. THis means that there is a step to skip. A stride as its called.
why do this?
not about reduction is about noise. If we don't do this a noisy point might contribute more than it needs to do. Amplifying the mistake
Its a Heuristic method to reduce noise in noisy picture.
Z = c(V * K, u)
Ordinary convolution without padding is also known as  a valid convolution, with padding its called a full convolution.
Noctice that in valid, full and in strided convolution fitler, applied to all inputs of one layer of one channel is the same.
//
Local Convolution:
instead of doing all for all we do it a map. Some area goes to a diffent section. There isa graph of filter and areas and in inputs. It tells what goes to which one.
Its usefull when you know what you are looking for.
//
Local convolution All weights are different
Tiled Convolution a pattern are weights.
Full convolution, everythng applies to everything.
Three main types of convolutional setup.
Local usualy requires a graph.
the rest, its up to us.
Practioneers can call
//
Back Propogation for CNN
